[Docs Improvement] Live Share 0.4.0 docs update (#6694)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/apps-in-teams-meetings/teams-live-share-faq.md

<summary><b>Can I use my own Azure Fluid Relay service?</b></summary>

Yes! When constructing the `TeamsFluidClient` class, you can define your own `AzureConnectionConfig`. Live Share associates containers you create with meetings, but you'll need to implement the `ITokenProvider` interface to sign tokens for your containers. For example, you can use a provided `AzureFunctionTokenProvider`, which uses an Azure cloud function to request an access token from a server.

While most developers will find it beneficial to use our free hosted service, there may still be times where it is beneficial to use your own Azure Fluid Relay service for your Live Share app. Consider using a custom AFR service connection if you:

- Require storage of data in Fluid containers beyond the lifetime of a meeting.
- Transmit sensitive data through the service that requires a custom security policy.

> - Develop features through Fluid Framework (e.g., `SharedMap`) for your application outside of Teams.

Reviewer: Updated as mentioned.

> For more information, read our [how to guide](./teams-live-share-how-to/how-to-custom-azure-fluid-relay.md) or visit the [Azure Fluid Relay documentation](/azure/azure-fluid-relay/).

Reviewer: Updated as mentioned.

> For more information, read our [how to guide](./teams-live-share-how-to/how-to-custom-azure-fluid-relay.md) or visit the [Azure Fluid Relay documentation](/azure/azure-fluid-relay/).

Reviewer: Updated as mentioned.

<summary><b>What meeting types does Live Share support?</b></summary>

> During Preview, only scheduled meetings are supported and all participants must be on the meeting calendar. Meeting types such as, one-on-one calls, group calls, and meet now aren't supported. Other meeting types will be supported in the future.

Reviewer 2: Recommend removing the last line "Other meeting types will be supported in the future" as we don't state something that would be available in future.

Reviewer: Updated as mentioned.

<summary><b>Will Live Share's media package work with DRM content?</b></summary>

> No. Teams currently doesn't support encrypted media for tab applications on desktop. Chrome, Edge, and mobile clients are supported. For more information, [track the issue](https://github.com/microsoft/live-share-sdk/issues/14)!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
No. Teams currently doesn't support encrypted media for tab applications on desktop. Chrome, Edge, and mobile clients are supported. For more information, you can [track the issue here](https://github.com/microsoft/live-share-sdk/issues/14).
```

<details>
<summary><b>How many people can attend a Live Share session?</b></summary>

> Currently, Live Share supports a maximum of 100 attendees per session. If this is something you're interested in, [start a discussion](https://github.com/microsoft/live-share-sdk/discussions)!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, Live Share supports a maximum of 100 attendees per session. If this is something you're interested in, you can [start a discussion here](https://github.com/microsoft/live-share-sdk/discussions).
```

<br>

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Can I use Live Share's ephemeral data structures outside of Teams?</b></summary>

> Currently, Live Share packages require the Teams Client SDK to function properly. No features in `@microsoft/live-share` or `@microsoft/live-share-media` will work outside of a Microsoft Teams. If this is something you're interested in, [start a discussion](https://github.com/microsoft/live-share-sdk/discussions)!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, Live Share packages require the Teams Client SDK to function properly. Features in `@microsoft/live-share` or `@microsoft/live-share-media` won't work outside Microsoft Teams. If this is something you're interested in, you can [start a discussion here](https://github.com/microsoft/live-share-sdk/discussions).
```

> [!NOTE]
> If you are using the `dynamicObjectTypes` property in the `ContainerSchema`, you can add new types at any point. If you later remove types from the schema, existing DDS instances of those types will gracefully fail.

To fix errors resulting from changes to `initialObjects` when testing locally in your browser, remove the hashed container ID from your URL and reload the page. If you are testing in a Teams meeting, start a new meeting and try again.

If you plan to update your app with new `SharedObject` or `EphemeralObject` instances frequently, you should consider how you deploy new schema changes to production. While the actual risk is relatively low and short lasting, there may be active sessions at the time you roll out the change. Existing users in the session should not be impacted, but users joining that session after you deployed a breaking change may have issues connecting to the session. To mitigate this, you may consider some of the following solutions:

- Deploy schema changes for your web application outside of normal business hours.
- Use `dynamicObjectTypes` for any changes made to your schema, rather than changing `initialObjects`.

> - Versioning your schema for each session. *Note:* Live Share API to do this, and difficulty may vary for your project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Versioning your schema for each session. 
    > [!NOTE]
    > Live Share API to do this, and difficulty may vary for your project.
```

<br>

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Are there limits to how many change events I can emit through Live Share?</b></summary>

> While Live Share is in Preview, we do not enforce any limit to events emitted through Live Share. For optimal performance, you should debounce changes emitted through `SharedObject` or `EphemeralObject` instances to one message per 50ms or more. This is especially important when sending changes based on mouse or touch coordinates, such as when synchronizing cursor positions, inking, and dragging objects around a page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While Live Share is in Preview, any limit to events emitted through Live Share is not enforced. For optimal performance, you must debounce changes emitted through `SharedObject` or `EphemeralObject` instances to one message per 50 ms or more. This is especially important when sending changes based on mouse or touch coordinates, such as when synchronizing cursor positions, inking, and dragging objects around a page.
```

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > In the future, formal rate limiting may be added to the Live Share service. We are monitoring this situation continually. Any update to these terms will be added here in advance.

Reviewer 2: Recommend removing this information "In the future, formal rate limiting may be added to the Live Share service. We are monitoring this situation continually. Any update to these terms will be added here in advance." 

as we don't state something that would be available in future.
